# Create With Code Unit - 1

## *So what things did I learn from this unit??*
- I learned the basics of the **Unity Editor** and how it works!
- Learned some basic programming concepts and methods used in Unity!

## Programming Concepts Learned
- Learned how to **reference** a game object. `public GameObject plane;`
- Learned how to *move an object* using `transform.Translate`
- Learned how to use *vectors* - `public Vector3 cameraOffset = new Vector3(0.29f, 10.35f, -15f);`

## Major new concept touched is the *THE NEW INPUT SYSTEM*
- Implemented it in [PlayerController](Assets/Scripts/PlayerController.cs#L11).
- Used the default Input Actions Asset generated by Unity.
- Used Invoke Unity Events behaviour(I honestly don't know what that does!).

## Completed the Challenge and Solved all the bugs
#### The plane is going backward!
- Solution: Write `Vector3.forward` instead of `Vector3.backward`

#### The plane is going too fast!
- Solution: Multiply by `Time.deltaTime` in `transform.Translate(Vector3.forward * speed);`

#### The plane is tilting automatically!
- Solution: Multiply by `verticalInput` in `transform.Rotate(Vector3.left * rotationSpeed * Time.deltaTime, Space.Self);`

#### The camera is in front of the plane!
- Move the camera to the side of the airplane and then copy the *position* and set it as the *offset* value.

#### The camera is not following the plane!
- Drag the `plane` game object from the hierarchy to the reference in camera's inspector.

##### Yeah I typed this whole thing myself.. If you have read it so far! Thank you!
